a pivotal moment in my career was the moment I found out that I was gonna
be able to fly again and realizing how much effort it took for people
to make that happen, because it wasn't me that did it. I helped.
It required me to be humble and accept responsibility for something
that I could not have conceived of doing before it happened before
with a helicopter crash. But it, but realizing that there are people
that are willing to put their reputations on the line on the line
for me was extremely impactful, and that defined largely how I wanted
to be a leader. After that point that taught me, I thought, one of
the major lessons of leadership that I've learned in my career as
faras Ole life pivotal event There are so many that I could count, but
the obvious ones. They're having kids and getting married and all
those things that that change your life more than you could ever conceive
of